hey guys this is aaron from Kiki lemme
development and i have a nice short
tutorial for you today and i'll be
showing you how to hide the status bar
in your application so first things
first go to xcode file new project make
sure the view based application for the
iphone and then this status so yeah now
hide in the status bar on your
application gives you the illusion that
you built a well-structured a more
in-depth up now if you're noticed
already that some apps all the ads at
the moment do you have the status postel
being shown at the top now this can make
it look a little bit tacky in that very
nice so if you want to give your users
the best visual experience possible this
is the best way to do it there are two
steps the first step is going to all
your views and set in the status bar to
unspecified that that will make the
status bar this disappear at the top and
then the second step you need to go to
your pee list and then set it so the
status bar is hidden throughout the
whole application so will not show up so
we start by step one and it's going to
our view control I've got newb now you
all have to do this involved for each
view individually so if you have 20
views it's going to happen where you
have to do with 20 times for each one
may take some time but in the end it
will make your application a lot better
so if this makes leave you control to
load up should be done there may be good
now at the moment here the status bar is
set to gray do you simply click that and
to unspecified and that should hide the
status bar there so that's done there
for the view and that's all it's needed
so we seem to save that and quick so
nice and easy step one to regos your
straightener to step 2 into the plist
now add the plist here click on the
bottom line and in the far right here
just add the plus sign which will add an
extra line and then we're going to want
simple we need to add the status bar is
initially hidden to be to search that by
scroll in their status by its mr. Dugan
and make sure it's ticked
and once you've done that to simply save
it now all you by taking that there
you've told your application that you
don't want the status bar to be shown in
any of your views and by doing step one
you initially hidden the vm status bar
it won't show a battle so that's all
it's needed for hiding the status bar so
we simply build and run there'll be no
problems at all because we have put no
coding to wait for it to load up so all
it should be shown in this simulator now
is just the great background as you've
added no buttons or labels or anything
like that we haven't changed anything to
it should just be a blank gray screen
and there we go there's no status bar
all their building application around
that will make it a lot lot better more
interesting for your users so that's it
for today then make sure um subscribe
rate comment do open your cap and leave
me a comment or send me a message this
is a tutor we want to suggest also i
have a few applications already out in
the app store at the moment there'll be
a link in the description for them and
also be linked in the description from
my facebook group to make sure you
follow and like them so you get more
updates on updates on the go and be the
first to der but for now hope you
enjoyed the video and hope it helps your
projects and remember make sure you
subscribe and I'll see you all next
tutorial